---
title: Henlo World!!★✮
tags:
- ocs
---

**2026/05/06 »** Moving all OC shenanigans for convenience...!

{% capture exp %}
Henlo decided to make a separate blog from the one in my main website. This one will be a lot more self-indulgent and rambly. Will probably drop random lore about OCs or talk about OC culture in general. So yeah..! If that's you're kind of thing consider following the [RSS feed](/feed.xml) for this website. Just don't expect consistent updates okay!!

## To Do
- [X] Dark Mode Theme
- [X] Toggle based on System Default
- [ ] Toggle with JS Button
- [ ] Switch out color variables pls
- [ ] Populate empty collections
- [ ] Write down Psych! Characters
- [ ] Write down Eighty Four Characters
- [ ] Write down PMD Characters
- [ ] Write down Gayme Characters
- [ ] Write down Miscellaneous Characters
- [X] Make a Galley (get a json from main website)
- [ ] All items should have thumbnails!
- [X] Fix the thing where it can't reference stuff outside it's folder
- [X] Add comment sections for pages / Guestbook??
- [ ] Stats page - shows how many files / pages
- [X] Don't make relationship case sensitive!
- [ ] Permalink for stufffff
- [X] Make a Mapppp!
- [ ] Make a timeline of my sona
- [ ] Mood Board n Incorrect quotes for gallery
- [ ] Have a sticky button to jump back to top!
- [X] Use some iconnnss.. hehe
- [ ] Make the script pages prettier
- [X] External art files should include dimensions of extra art
- [X] Dimensions for all art!!!! (Or just use the one from main website)
- [ ] Make the likes and dislikes prettier
- [ ] Make map better!! include all art galleries
- [ ] Map should be nesting!!
- [X] Make a ruby script that will look for a file!!
- [ ] More consistent styling (clean up the `global.css`)
- [ ] Make the interaction thingy better sobb
- [ ] Gallery should always be in the bottom???
- [ ] Script to decide where the thumbnails should be pulled from??
- [ ] Add prettier labels for collections through config file
- [ ] Page to list out all interactions!!
- [ ] Create card for non character related things
- [ ] Artfight randomizer
- [ ] Artfight Stats
- [ ] Tag filter!!

**December 7, 2025 »** Recently reworked how I link stuff to be more compatible with Obsidians wikilinks. Will update the blog post in my main website... eventually.
{%- endcapture -%}

{%- comment -%}
While we're here anyways, gonna talk about the role my OCs have in my life. Reminiscing on my elementary days, a majority of it was spent pacing around the school alone. I was never able to pin down the right personality that appeals to others. Any attempts to being loud and boisterous was 

So instead just roamed, both 

Since then, I've gotten a bit better wuth reading a rooms atmosphere and the appropriate ways to react. Even then, that daydreaming part of me has never quite left.

People interpret my silence as serenity; When in reality, I was just never grounded to reality.

It's easier here.
{%- endcomment -%}